[DJM] New installer script for Dataproc (#27125)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/data_jobs/dataproc.md

   PROJECT_NAME=<PROJECT_NAME>
   gcloud config set project $PROJECT_NAME
   SECRET_NAME=dd_api_key
   export DD_API_KEY=$(gcloud secrets versions access latest --secret $SECRET_NAME)

   # Download and run the latest init script
   curl -L https://install.datadoghq.com/scripts/install-dataproc.sh > djm-install-script; bash djm-install-script || true
   ```

>    The script above sets the required parameters, and downloads and runs the latest init script for Data Jobs Monitoring in Dataproc. If you want to pin your script to a specific version, you can replace the file name in the URL with `install-dataproc-0.9.1.sh` to use version `0.9.1` for example. The source code used to generate this script can be found on the [Datadog Agent repository][13].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The script above sets the required parameters, and downloads and runs the latest init script for Data Jobs Monitoring in Dataproc. If you want to pin your script to a specific version, you can replace the filename in the URL with `install-dataproc-0.9.1.sh` to use version `0.9.1`, for example. The source code used to generate this script can be found on the [Datadog Agent repository][13].
```
